item.rta_carbonChunk.name=Coal Chunk
item.rta_carbonRefined.name=Carbon Ingot
item.rta_carbonAxe.name=Carbon Axe
item.rta_carbonHoe.name=Carbon Hoe
item.rta_carbonPickaxe.name=Carbon Pickaxe
item.rta_carbonShovel.name=Carbon Shovel
item.rta_carbonSword.name=Carbon Sword
item.rta_carbonHelm.name=Carbon Helmet
item.rta_carbonArmor.name=Carbon Chestplate
item.rta_carbonPants.name=Carbon Leggings
item.rta_carbonBoots.name=Carbon Boots

item.rta_blazeChunk.name=Blaze Rod Cluster
item.rta_blazeRefined.name=Blaze Ingot
item.rta_blazeAxe.name=Blaze Axe
item.rta_blazeHoe.name=Blaze Hoe
item.rta_blazePickaxe.name=Blaze Pickaxe
item.rta_blazeShovel.name=Blaze Shovel
item.rta_blazeSword.name=Blaze Sword
item.rta_blazeHelm.name=Blaze Helmet
item.rta_blazeArmor.name=Blaze Chestplate
item.rta_blazePants.name=Blaze Leggings
item.rta_blazeBoots.name=Blaze Boots

item.rta_ironChunk.name=Iron Chunk
item.rta_ironRefined.name=Refined Iron Ingot
item.rta_ironRefinedAxe.name=Refined Iron Axe
item.rta_ironRefinedHoe.name=Refined Iron Hoe
item.rta_ironRefinedPickaxe.name=Refined Iron Pickaxe
item.rta_ironRefinedShovel.name=Refined Iron Shovel
item.rta_ironRefinedSword.name=Refined Iron Sword
item.rta_ironRefinedHelm.name=Refined Iron Helmet
item.rta_ironRefinedArmor.name=Refined Iron Chestplate
item.rta_ironRefinedPants.name=Refined Iron Leggings
item.rta_ironRefinedBoots.name=Refined Iron Boots